Take care of me take care of me
The first knife to slay the devil
setting sun
The previous battle had already wounded him
This knife made his injury infinitely incompetent
It's time to decide the next knife
Oh, dear.
Xu Natural
How is my apprentice's practice of the three swords of the sky slashing?
Can you crush Yuan Men's hope?
Quickly end the battle, apprentice
Yes
You can be proud to catch my knife
But now the game is over
Huolinzi
Your disciple wants to kill and you don't stop him
arena competition
Are you conceited in life and death?
Haha, very good.
You don't care, I care
No one can interrupt the ring competition
Three knives a day and a second knife
gods
And